Included common gotcha on script and style import (#2510)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/troubleshooting.mdx

In Astro, using a `<head>` tag works like any other HTML tag: it does not get moved to the top of the page or merged with the existing `<head>`. Because of this, you usually only want to include one `<head>` tag throughout a page. We recommend writing that single `<head>` and its contents in a [layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/).

### An unwanted `<script>` or `<style>` is included

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with [conditionally displayed](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components, you may notice a component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags being included even if that component doesn't appear in the final output.
```

Adding a sentence to help describe the error before explaining it

Reviewer: We use the both the term ["conditionally displayed"](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) and ["conditionally rendered"](https://docs.astro.build/en/tutorial/2-pages/3/#conditionally-render-elements) elsewhere in the docs, so I chose the term that matches where I wanted to link!

Reviewer 2: This might make it sound like the problem occurs *only* when conditionally rendered (and not, for example, just any unused import, like something you never bothered to remove when you decided not to render the component.)

I might choose something like:

> You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed.

Reviewer: See my earlier comment - I don’t think the problem happens with any unused import, you have to use it in some way to trigger the issue!

Reviewer 2: Has this been fixed then, because that for sure *used* to be the case??

> Astro's build process works on the module graph: this means that once a component is used, its `<script>` and `<style>` tags are processed, optimized, and bundled, whether it is rendered or not. This does not apply if the `is:inline` directive is applied. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro's build process works on the module graph: once a component is evaluated, its `<script>` and `<style>` tags are processed, optimized, and bundled, whether it is rendered or not. (Note: This does not apply to scripts when the `is:inline` directive is applied.)
```
1. the colon takes the place of needing to say "this means that" so we can shorten this!
2. I think "used" isn't quite descriptive enough. And, I think "used" could be interpreted as another way of saying "rendered" (e.g. I didn't *use* the component, so why do I see it's stuff??) so I'd like to avoid any chance of confusion. Can we think of a better word? I threw in "evaluated" as a placeholder, but what do we think is the best, descriptive verb here? "read" ? ... ?

Author: 1. agreed!
2. since the wording is not 100% obvious to you guys either, how about going for "evaluated" adding a simple `(i.e. appears after the code fence)`

> You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed. Astro's build process works on the module graph: once a component is included in the template, its `<script>` and `<style>` tags are processed, optimized, and bundled, whether it appears in the final output or not. This does not apply to scripts when the `is:inline` directive is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed. 

Astro's build process works on the module graph: once a component is included in the template, its `<script>` and `<style>` tags are processed, optimized, and bundled, whether it appears in the final output or not. This does not apply to scripts when the `is:inline` directive is applied.
```
Just added a paragraph break! LGTM!

> You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed. Astro's build process works on the module graph: once a component is included in the template, its `<script>` and `<style>` tags are processed, optimized, and bundled, whether it appears in the final output or not. This does not apply to scripts when the `is:inline` directive is applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed. Astro's build process works on the module graph: once a component is included in the template, its `<script>` and `<style>` tags are processed, optimized, and bundled, whether it appears in the final output or not. This does not apply to scripts when the `is:inline` directive is applied.
```

In Astro, using a `<head>` tag works like any other HTML tag: it does not get moved to the top of the page or merged with the existing `<head>`. Because of this, you usually only want to include one `<head>` tag throughout a page. We recommend writing that single `<head>` and its contents in a [layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/).

### An unexpected `<script>` or `<style>` is included

> You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may notice an imported component's `<script>` or `<style>` tags included in your HTML source even if that component doesn't appear in the final output. For example, this will occur with [conditionally rendered](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/#dynamic-html) components that are not displayed. 
```
pass link check
